README.md, before:

### Hexlet tests and linter status:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/Aintdead86/frontend-project-lvl1/workflows/hexlet-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Aintdead86/frontend-project-lvl1/actions)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/cfdc4b9e2b0bfd35e08c/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Aintdead86/frontend-project-lvl1/maintainability)
![lint-check](https://github.com/Aintdead86/frontend-project-lvl1/actions/workflows/lint-check.yml/badge.svg)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/FXgSVYeoUhRnAUVKVYOakMV4z.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/FXgSVYeoUhRnAUVKVYOakMV4z)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/1bA0Lm5sjlGdGTPlLuaqY3JW9.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/1bA0Lm5sjlGdGTPlLuaqY3JW9)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/EqylIROI0BtukbYTZUHnwH5UB.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/EqylIROI0BtukbYTZUHnwH5UB)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/T21E6j1nR1MetrTgnMIBrPTDT.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/T21E6j1nR1MetrTgnMIBrPTDT)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/sAm7BOV8cwCvYxUOBYWakn7bW.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/sAm7BOV8cwCvYxUOBYWakn7bW)

Commit message:

add installation and running instructions for the Brain games

README.md, after:

### Hexlet tests and linter status:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/Aintdead86/frontend-project-lvl1/workflows/hexlet-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Aintdead86/frontend-project-lvl1/actions)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/cfdc4b9e2b0bfd35e08c/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Aintdead86/frontend-project-lvl1/maintainability)
![lint-check](https://github.com/Aintdead86/frontend-project-lvl1/actions/workflows/lint-check.yml/badge.svg)

Brain games
Welcome to the Brain games! There are 5 mini-games with 3 rounds each. You need to answer all questions correctly to finish the games. If your answer is wrong, the game will stop and you'll have to start the game again. Good luck!

Installation:
1) Clone the repository using the following command
git clone https://github.com/Aintdead86/frontend-project-lvl1.git
2) Install the Brain games using the following commands
make install
npm link

Brain-even
Start the game using the following command
brain-even
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/FXgSVYeoUhRnAUVKVYOakMV4z.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/FXgSVYeoUhRnAUVKVYOakMV4z)

Brain-calc
Start the game using the following command
brain-calc
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/1bA0Lm5sjlGdGTPlLuaqY3JW9.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/1bA0Lm5sjlGdGTPlLuaqY3JW9)

Brain-gcd
Start the game using the following command
brain-gcd
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/EqylIROI0BtukbYTZUHnwH5UB.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/EqylIROI0BtukbYTZUHnwH5UB)

Brain-progression
Start the game using the following command
brain-progression
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/T21E6j1nR1MetrTgnMIBrPTDT.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/T21E6j1nR1MetrTgnMIBrPTDT)

Brain-prime
Start the game using the following command
brain-prime
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/sAm7BOV8cwCvYxUOBYWakn7bW.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/sAm7BOV8cwCvYxUOBYWakn7bW)
